Macrolides are a group of antibiotics that are
highly effective in treating bacterial infections.
Including pneumonia, bronchitis,
sinusitis, pelvic inflammatory disease,
urinary tract infections and skin infections.
These drugs do not directly kill bacteria
but they prevent bacteria from reproducing and spreading.
Macrolides work by stopping the bacteria
from making proteins
that are necessary for reproduction.
Macrolides also tend to accumulate
in white blood cells called Leukocytes.
Leukocytes are activated by the body's immune system,
and they travel to sites of infection
bringing the Macrolides with them.
With Macrolides in the infection site
the bacteria cannot reproduce,
so they die or they are killed by the immune system.
Macrolides also have anti-inflammatory qualities
that can help reduce symptoms related to certain
chronic pulmonary and respiratory conditions.